Update adding_data.rst (#536)
radical-cybertools/radical.entk: docs/user_guide/adding_data.rst

A look at the complete code in this section:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/user_guide/add_data.py

Handling data from login node
=============================

The following example shows how to configure a task to run executable on 
a login node (e.g., in case of some data should be downloaded from Internet 

> and compute nodes don't have an access to the outside).

Reviewer: Looks good.

.. code-block:: python

    t = Task()
    t.name = 'download-task'
    t.executable = '/usr/bin/ssh'
    t.arguments = ["<username>@<hostname>",
                   "'bash -l /path/to/download_script.sh <input1> <input2>'"]
    t.download_output_data = ['STDOUT', 'STDERR']
    t.cpu_reqs = {'cpu_processes': 1,
                  'cpu_process_type': None,
                  'cpu_threads': 1,
                  'cpu_thread_type': None}

> .. note:: ``bash -l`` makes this shell act as if it had been directly invoked

Reviewer: OK.

>           by login.

Reviewer: OK.

> .. note:: Need to make sure that, on the login node, the following works
>           without a password prompt: ``ssh localhost hostname``. If a password
>           is prompt then need to create a ssh keypair (ssh-keygen), which should
>           by default create two keys in ``~/.ssh``, likely named ``id_rsa`` and
>           ``id_rsa.pub`` (the key names may differ, depending on system
>           defaults IIRC), and the following commands should be run after:
>           ``cat $HOME/.ssh/id_rsa.pub >> $HOME/.ssh/authorized_keys``
>           ``chmod 0600 $HOME/.ssh/authorized_keys``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: Verify that the following works without a password prompt: ``ssh localhost hostname`` on the login node. If you are asked for a password, please create an ssh keypair (ssh-keygen), which should by default create two keys in ``~/.ssh``, named ``id_rsa`` and ``id_rsa.pub``, and executed the following commands:

          .. code-block:: bash

              cat $HOME/.ssh/id_rsa.pub >> $HOME/.ssh/authorized_keys
              chmod 0600 $HOME/.ssh/authorized_keys
```

Reviewer: * which should by default create two keys in -> which should create two keys in
* ``id_rsa.pub``, and executed -> ``id_rsa.pub``. After that, execute the following commands:
